a few weeks ago I met Emily this
wonderful elegant person our son has
brought us together actually I think
you're joking but every time we do this
I feel so high tone don't rate
confessions as well this thing you've
ever done
she's an enigma my life you can get
closer you never quite reach oh she's
like a beautiful cursed you just take my
picture erase it I guess I'm probably
not the kind of person you're normally
friends with oh you do not want to be
friends with me trust me Stephanie I
need your help
are you okay I'm fine but I do need just
a simple favor can you yeah five days
ago Emily went missing
[Music]
I warn you you go poking around in her
past you're gonna find something that is
terrifying she was not a normal person
like you or me I've never seen such a
beautiful girl want to be so invisible
[Music]
perfume like a ghost it's just you being
paranoid
[Music]
she told easier to Stephanie
were you aware that he took out an extra
four million dollar life insurance
policy on Emily before she disappeared
people do terrible things for their own
reasons I thought you knew more than you
were letting off
I know your secret
[Music]